Why Balance Point?

TESTIMONIALS

"In my two decades competing as a champion distance runner, I have never experienced more talented or effective massage therapists then the team at Balance Point Massage Therapy Clinic! I am 40 years old now, and because of the incredible massage I am receiving from Balance Point, I am not only dominating my competition, I am winning races overall again! Balance Point's therapeutic approach to massage allows me to train harder, recover faster, and race at a superior level not possible without their care. I would recommend Balance Point Massage Therapy Clinic to everyone serious about their athletic performance, or if they just want to experience unparalled relaxation, physical balance, and well-being."
-James Sheremeta (Running Coach / Elite Athlete)

"A lot of tension was released. Great location and atmosphere. Left very comfortable and relaxed." Frank M., Hillcrest

"I felt at peace with my body, rested yet rejuvenated. Truly relaxed!" Chris G., San Diego

"It was very relaxing and stress reducing. I slept better that night and was able to exercise the next morning." Jorge M., San Diego

"I had a very relaxing and great experience." Nicole P., San Diego

“I went in for an hour-long massage recently and I left feeling my body was functioning more smoothly, like a guitar that was playing in tune for the first time in many years; my muscles were more relaxed, I was breathing more easily and most of all I felt profoundly grateful for the experience. From the ground up, Balance Point Massage Therapy Clinic has integrated the best aspects of massage to offer a solution that puts body, mind and spirit into perfect balance.” Mae Stiles, Vision Magazine

What some clients have to say... <!—about David from Team page-->

"David did an excellent job of addressing the areas of my concern. Not only did he take care of my specific areas but he also was able to massage the rest of my body giving me a thorough and relaxing experience. Thanks David!" Wendy P., San Diego

"David is a great massage therpapist. He made me feel comfortable adn relaxed and tailored the massage to my specific nees." Emily H., San Diego 

"I just moved to San Diego and was happy to find a massage therapist that I liked on the first attempt. David just "gets it". He understood the pain I was feeling and was able to pinpoint the areas of concern immediately." Melina S., San Diego

"I was left in a blissful state for hours after my session. I haven't felt so relaxed in a long time! David is truly a master at his art." Jack P., San Diego

"I was feeling stressed and tense. David did a great job at listening to me and to my body. He is very confident and competent. I slept especially well that night which is exactly what I needed." Chena T., Cheyenne, WY

"It was one of the best massages I have received. I liked how David focused on my sports injury. I really felt like the healing process was already starting by the time I left. Thanks!" Christina H., San Diego

"David helped me concentrate on my breathing which I usually forget to do. The experience was very relaxing and I look forward to returning. Thank You!" Candice U., San Diego

"Before the massage I was in a lot of pain to the point that it was disrupting my sleep. During the massage while David was getting the knots out it was a little uncomfortable but well worth it. I felt wonderful and was able to sleep again. Thanks David!" Katrina R., San Diego

"I finally found the place I will be getting my massages. By far the best massage I have ever received. Thank you David! Lori T., Imperial Beach

"I was in alot of pain when I found Balance Point. The massage was the best! The pressure was just enough to address my issues without making me feel uncomfortable. I was experiencing some bad knee pain and since the massage my shoulders aren't tense, I am sleeping well and my knee is not bothering me anymore. David made me feel 100% again. I highly recommend David and Balance Point." Natalie S., San Diego

"I have less tenderness and tightness in my legs. I also have less stiffness after my runs." Eric P., Lakeside

"David was very in tune to the areas of stress in my body & helped me to breathe into the relaxation. It was very enjoyable." Carri L., Bonita

"My gait feels so much smoother and the pain in my upper back is gone. Thank You!" Kathi K., La Jolla

What some clients have to say... <!—about Susan from Team page -->

“I walked in with real back pain and was feeling miserable. After the session I felt like a whole different person. Thank You!" Jane N., San Diego

"Susan did a great job - she was attentive to my needs and seems thoughtful in her approach to massage. I felt like she was in tune with what my body needed." Bridget W., San Diego

"I have been getting massages every other week for 15 years. Susan gave me one of the best massages I have ever had. I felt amazingly destressed when I left. The lower back pain I had been feeling for months dissappeared and the tension in my body dramatically decreased. Susan is a master masseuse." Kevin B., San Diego

"Before the massage I had a very tight and stiff upper back. Susan was able to relieve alot of the stiffness and the next morning I felt ten times better than the previous day." Brian B., San Diego

"The massage took all the stress from my shoulders and lover back. My overall feeling was pure contentment adn relief. Suze was marvelous." Tim E., San Diego

"Susan was amazing. I will definitely come back to see her specifically. She was very attentive and professional. Excellent hands! Thank you." Amanda T., San Diego

"Suze is an excellent therapist. I felt totally relaxed during my massage and great afterwards. I would highly recommend Suze and will request her for future massages." Ken E., San Diego

"Susan is a small woman with strong and expert hands. I was very comfortable and felt great afterward." Dana H., San Diego

"It was the best massage I've ever had." Richie S., San Diego

"Susan gave a very thorough massage. She left no muscle unworked. I left feeling very relaxed and moving more easily." Paula V., San Diego

"I think Susan gave me a great massage and definitely got my back feeling better. I will ask for her again and would recommend her and Balance Point." Matt C., San Diego

“Susan was great! I felt so much better after she was done. She made sure I was comfortable and really worked out my kinks. Thanks Susan, I will be coming back." Tony C., San Diego


BENEFITS

Many of us understand the value of incorporating massage in our daily lives. It is now becoming widely accepted in helping us relieve our daily stress and promoting good health. Massage is nurturing, healing, and helps bring body, mind and spirit into balance.

According to current research almost 80% of all illness can be associated to stress. Research has also shown that massage therapy has the following effects:
· Relieves stress and anxiety
· Reduces chronic pain
· Improves muscle tone
· Helps prevent injuries
· Facilitates chiropractic
· Enhances acupuncture
· Strengthens immune system
· Improves circulation
· Lowers blood pressure
· Heals the body and soul
· Balances energy meridians
· Increases peace of mind

Massage therapy reduces stress, anxiety, chronic pain, and high blood pressure. It also helps alleviate low back pain, neck pain, sciatica, shoulder pain, headaches and fatigue. It can also help address symptoms of fybromalgia, carpal tunnel syndrome, depression, and anxiety. In addition, it also handles sports related conditions such as illiotibial band syndrome, tendonitis, plantar fascitis and helps prevent injury.

For those that are uncertain about benefits of massage we encourage you to give massage a try. The best judge of how massage can help you is yourself. It is a good first step in addressing many conditions and can help facilitate your bodies natural healing ability. For many, the healing power of touch associated with massage therapy plays a valuable role in achieving greater health and well-being.


SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
